steamer da meeting he left a cold client
is due I'll series will always come
right back to you save me welcome to the
night's can you help you oh hey Jupiter
I didn't know you worked at menards
that's awesome let's go on do you like
listen to my song all day after while
it's just plain annoying oh maybe you
need a new version I've been working on
one with my guitar yeah well the reason
why I came into this spot so I'm doing
some some projects for church we do this
thing all neighborly here we go around
and we help people that that need some
projects done around the house I'm so
right now we're actually doing one for
Yoda is a great grandma um she blew up
her toilet the end of day and we're
replacing this i'm looking for a wax
ring still alive oh yeah she's doing
great spot she's um she's really strong
in the force well it's good oh thanks
hey I'm you seem kind of down there
something wrong spots we did it get in
the family and I'm just struggling with
it oh man I'm sorry for your loss um
were you close enough to the person
pretty close I just he just was a good
man I don't know why he died oh that's
that's too bad you know fee i went to
have it or not i assume doesn't
everybody well no spots on actually have
to be saved to go to heaven and you know
he was saved I don't really know what
that means well basically I'm a Furby
that saved is basically one then
accepts that Jesus Christ died for their
sins and that he was the son of son of
god and he came down on the earth to
glorify god and that's what Furbys need
to do basically do that and you're
basically saving you yeah well have so
many more questions well we should get
we really should get together spots
maybe over some coffee and I can bring
in my Bible and we can I can tell you
all about it actually corner for once
I'd like that oh great well how about
house tomorrow work for you Sookie all
right well I do you wanted me to
Starbucks yeah meet you there alright
cool i'll see you later